How do you say that?
This time Cui Yan's case is an opportunity
I'll see you at the meeting later.
So let's do it.
Lawyer Tang will introduce the situation
Let's take a look at this Cui Yan, his wife Wang Yimei, who is also the client of this case
He now has a large amount of evidence that Cui Yan cheated on him
I didn't expect it.
Cui Yan has been riding his bicycle to work every day for all these years to hide from others
What do you think the evidence in Wang Yimei's hands is?
Raising a big star as a lover isn't that the three-piece set?
Luxury house luxury car vacation abroad
Not really.
What is that? It's a bunch of transfer records.
And each transfer does not exceed 5,000 yuan
When transferring 520, please note that I miss you so much, baby.
When transferring 1314, he said that the baby will always love you.
These transfer records
More like a love story
I didn't expect it.
Cui Yan is still such a romantic man, is this the legendary true love?
You ask me what I do how do I know
But what I can't figure out is
Why is Cui Yan looking for me?
Doesn't he understand what kind of person I am?
Does he think he will die badly enough? Why do you think so much?
Just win the case
This case is not that simple
There must be something wrong